let's see what goes what starts to go
oh here comes a fire department it's
gonna be us oh look rollerskates
orlansky
the hand is land thing fellas all roller
skates are going to burn to burning
they're burning yo Chuck a lucky boy
okay he's got some burning on the nose
area
Oh spongy bobber please no there goes
the hand it's all going backwards it's
terrible
it's room it would seem stronger maybe
in middle I don't want to see the nose
and we're gonna lose still staying I'm
right
between
yeah you starting to sizzle man I got
some boiling going on in the face face
he's turning brown
whereas he looks like frothing hot
chocolate okay or probably crap do
you know it's taking all
they're nothing now it looks nothing
like spongebob
she's going in she's picking it up it's
like a marshmallow now it's just like
all right now let's talk oh there you go
now you gotta stuck to your uh the tongs
are on fire drop stuffing roll
and it's only a memory
it's gone
and he's there but he's a memory ain't
never coming back
here